RFC: 2023H1 Roadmap (#272)
buildpacks/rfcs: text/0000-2023H1-roadmap.md

Without clear guidance on how to shape the roadmap, it's also been a challenge to get one out (not that we're doing great this year). We missed 2022's roadmap altogether and didn't publish one until March for 2021.

Once we did publish a roadmap, items wouldn't necessarily move forward even though we commited as a project to work on them. Items didn't always have an owner and there was no skin in the game for suggesting an idea.

In addition, we don't do a good job of reviewing our roadmap whether that's regularly through the year or at the end of the year.

As an incubation level project, there is an opportunity to broadcast announcements at both KubeCon EU and NA. As a project, we're often caught flatfooted with sharing highlights or announcements during these conferences.

# What it is
[what-it-is]: #what-it-is

## Roadmap Changes

> For 2023, I want to propose trying something different this time around. The project will publish two roadmaps one for each half of the year aligned with work to be completed for KubeCon EU (2023-05-16) and KubeCon NA (2023-10-24). The goals I'm hoping to see:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For 2023, I want to propose trying something different this time around. The project will publish two roadmaps one for each half of the year aligned with work to be completed for KubeCon EU (2023-04-18) and KubeCon NA (2023-11-6). The goals I'm hoping to see:
```
EU is coming up fast, eek!
